King Leian, don't be ridiculous, I just want to die.
If there's nothing he can do, there's nothing I can do either.
Lei Baofei, please clean up Zhu'er's life.
If Zhu'er's situation comes to an end, I would like to be like a horse.
Came to report.
The master's, King Lei'an cannot use it.
Lei Baofei, please.
Nothing can happen to Zhuer, I am willing to give everything in exchange.
Before that, I had to go to the church.
There may be clues for novices.
After Zhuer woke up, she refused to say anything.
The king and Lei Bao also chatted for a long time,
There are no clues. It seems that Zhu Er,
To experience people's hearts, you should avoid that man
He compared it with
Installed another head at home
Before the enemy is in danger, King Ruan Ruan
We have to stay close for two days
The previous time must be transported into the main state
As for whether I can wake up?
There's nothing I can do
As long as you can drive into the Lord
What's the meaning
He must not believe it